README.md, before:

# CreatorConnect
CreatorConnect is a program provided by the Florida State University Innovation Hub to allow students with technical and innovative skills to advertise their skills to the FSU community and employers for the purpose of accessing enriching opportunities that include engaging on projects, internships, tutoring, and employment. Currently the program is in the developmental phase and over the summer we created a prototype for it. The CreatorConnect prototype

- Used a Google Form as a sign-up sheet for potential users and linked it to a Google Sheets spreadsheet. 
- Used Python, Sheets API, and MongoDB API to pull spreadsheet data and upload it to a MongoDB server.
- Used Node.js and pug to retrieve the data from the MongoDB server and present it as a dynamic web application.

Currently, we are working to develop an end product for the service. We are creating a web application where all data is collected and processed in-house. We expect to release the web application to the public in January 2020.

Prototype Presentation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1S5ocCvF5zaE6Ujqz5a6FAUTMNR_FeDn7O3GFXEsLO5o/edit?usp=sharing

Commit message:

Update README.md with API and contributing info

README.md, after:

# CreatorConnect

CreatorConnect is a program provided by the Florida State University Innovation Hub to allow students with technical and innovative skills to advertise their skills to the FSU community and employers for the purpose of accessing enriching opportunities that include engaging on projects, internships, tutoring, and employment. Currently the program is in the developmental phase and over the summer we created a prototype for it. The CreatorConnect prototype

- Used a Google Form as a sign-up sheet for potential users and linked it to a Google Sheets spreadsheet. 
- Used Python, Sheets API, and MongoDB API to pull spreadsheet data and upload it to a MongoDB server.
- Used Node.js and pug to retrieve the data from the MongoDB server and present it as a dynamic web application.

Currently, we are working to develop an end product for the service. We are creating a web application where all data is collected and processed in-house. We expect to release the web application to the public in January 2020.


## API

The source code and documentation for our Python API is located in `api/`

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute to the project, please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/FSUInnovationHub/CreatorConnect/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md).

-----

## Other Resources:

- Prototype Presentation: [https://docs.google.com](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1S5ocCvF5zaE6Ujqz5a6FAUTMNR_FeDn7O3GFXEsLO5o/edit?usp=sharing)
